Type of Constructor: Constructor
     There are 3 types of constructors in Java:
        1. Default Constructor
        2. Parameterized Constructor
        3. Copy Constructor
        Constructor is a special type of method which is used to initialize the object.
        Java constructor is invoked at the time of object creation.
        It constructs the values i.e. provides data for the object that is why it is known as constructor.
        Rules for creating Java constructor:
        1. Constructor name must be the same as its class name
        2. A Constructor must have no explicit return type
        3. A Java constructor cannot be abstract, static, final, and synchronized
        4. A constructor can be overloaded
        5. A constructor cannot be inherited
        6. A constructor can call another constructor using this keyword
        7. A constructor can have access specifiers
        8. A constructor can have parameters.

        Default Constructor:
        A constructor is called "Default Constructor" when it doesn't have any parameter.
        It is used to provide the default values to the object like 0, null, etc., depending on the type.
        Default Constructor is created by the compiler if you don't have any constructor in the class.
        Default Constructor is used to provide the default values to the object.
        Default Constructor is used to initialize the object with default values.

        Parameterized Constructor:
        A constructor is called "Parameterized Constructor" when it has parameters.
        It is used to provide different values to distinct objects.
        Parameterized Constructor is used to provide different values to the distinct objects.
        Parameterized Constructor is used to initialize the object with different values.

        Copy Constructor:
        A constructor is called "Copy Constructor" when it has an object as a parameter.
        It is used to initialize the object with the values of another object.
        Copy Constructor is used to initialize the object with the values of another object.

        Constructor Overloading:
        Constructor Overloading is a concept of having more than one constructor with different parameters list, in such a way so that each constructor performs a different task.

